Add documentation for GHC-85401 (missing export lists) (#520)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-85401/index.md

---
title: Missing Export List
summary: The module export list is missing
severity: warning
flag: -Wmissing-export-lists
introduced: 9.6.1
---

> GHC issues a warning if he module declaration does not contain an export list. When an export list is missing, all definitions in the module are exported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled by `-Wmissing-export-lists` or `-Weverything`, GHC issues a warning when the `module` declaration does not contain an export list. When an export list is missing, all definitions in the module are exported.
```
